hi guys so I'm currently in Berlin and
it's the things after live I've got my
results I have not checked them yet and
yeah now so let's see I got a 7 in
French
well ok I got a 6 in bio that's great um
ok I guess 6 in English I was predicted
a 7 but I didn't deserve it but it was
predicted six in French so that's fine
what I got six and global politics I
don't get that I work so I quit
whoa okay that's mean I got seven in
history yeah I think I deserved that
I really worked hard but I thought that
arrogance but like I worked so hard for
history but I don't understand why I
didn't got the globe who because I was
working meeting open up as well um a guy
huh the mark requires you increase my
glopro great is one monk I am definitely
submitting that for remark like
definitely um okay that is not too bad
that is okay I can live with that
I guess oh my god like I think I'm just
talking like confusing crap um you guys
don't know what I'm actually got okay so
let me give you guys a rundown so
English a higher level language in
literature I got a 6 I think I deserve
that um I didn't feel as prepared for
that subject not due to my own fault
necessarily because we didn't talk about
a paper to until very late in the class
but honestly I'm also not a native
speaker so getting a six out of seven
studying a language that's not your
native language as your native language
I prefer French B I got this
I don't know how I did that because I
suck at French like huge thanks to my
friend French teacher like oh my god
like you make this happen because this
was not like just me like this was hurt
because she was so supportive so thank
you globe politics I got a six and I'm
only missing one mark to get 7 so I'm
submitting this for a remark I don't
know if that's gonna work but I think
Andy's want to try um in my history
extended essay I got an A and in history
I got a 7 and bio I got 6 that's great
in math studies
I got 7 out of my favorite of knowledge
I'll say I got a beam so my total points
are 42 and I got the free extra points
because I had an A my EE and B and
mighty okay so yeah like I'm pretty
proud but the seven six six and my HL
bothers me because that should be a
seven seven six like that was what I was
expecting so yeah I'm definitely gonna
try remark and see if I'm gonna get any
work that yeah okay this wasn't that it
wasn't as good as I hoped because my
jokes but I'm very proud of my French
like yeah that was damn great huh it's
been four days since I've got my results
and I just went back to the video where
I feel my life reaction to them and I
feel like it looked very sad so I just
wanted to clarify guys I am happy with
getting a 42 I wasn't disappointed about
that at all I was just disappointed
about one great and that was my global
politics grade because I worked very
very hard for that subject and my hard
work didn't pay off as much as I'd hoped
it would and well that happens I am
trying to get a better grade for the
remark but if that doesn't work out well
I'm gonna live with the six and yeah I
mean I tried my best and that is all I
could do at that moment and overall I am
happy so I just wanted to make sure that
you guys know that I wasn't like super
disappointed and o my gra it's because
yeah i don't think you can be like
super set when you get a for you to
because that's not bad yeah so I just
wanted to make sure that you guys know
bad and I'm sorry I came across that
like kind of sad and depressed but I
really didn't mean to but you know it
was real it was authentic and that's
what it looked like so yeah yeah that
officially concludes my high school
experience if you guys want to know more
about what high school was like for me
and especially you might hear two BC
time feel free to check out my blog
Elena Heinrich on the links in
description box below as well as the
link for writing me a message if you
guys have any questions or suggestions
for me bye